BronzeAgeChest/Package/README.md, before:

![Splash](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/probablykory/valheim-mods/main/BronzeAgeChest/splash.jpg)  
A simple Valheim mod which adds the chest that should be there, one made from bronze, sized between Wood and Iron.  

## Features

![Showcase](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/probablykory/valheim-mods/main/BronzeAgeChest/showcase.jpg)  

A a distinctive chest that fits into the world of Valheim.  Sized at 3 rows, 5 columns.  Build recipe is configurable, but by default costs 15x Wood, 1x Bronze, and 10x Bronze nails.

## Rationale 

I really enjoy bronze age in Valheim, but I hate fighting with wooden chests; they just don't cut it.  Instead of pushing swamp early to upgrade to reinforced chests, I figured I could make a new bronze age chest, and have a great time exploring and enjoying a new world.  

If you're looking for bigger options, or configurable looks, there are a bunch of other mod options out there.  This one's just to fill the tiny little gap in the vanilla gameplay. 🙂

## Installation

### Manual

  * Un-zip `BronzeAgeChest.dll` to your `/Valheim/BepInEx/plugins/` folder.

### Thunderstore (manual install)

  * Go to Settings > Import local mod > Select `BronzeAgeChest.zip`.
  * Click "OK/Import local mod" on the pop-up for information.

## Changelog

### 1.0.0
 * Initial Version

## Known issues
You can find the github at: https://github.com/probablykory/valheim-mods

Commit message:

Localization updates.  Minor fixes to readme, assemblyinfo.

BronzeAgeChest/Package/README.md, after:

![Splash](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/probablykory/valheim-mods/main/BronzeAgeChest/splash.jpg)  

## Features

![Showcase](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/probablykory/valheim-mods/main/BronzeAgeChest/showcase.jpg)  

Adds a distinctive chest that fits into the world of Valheim.  Sized between Wood and Iron, at 3 rows, 5 columns.  The build recipe is configurable, but the default is 15x Wood, 1x Bronze, and 10x Bronze nails.

## Rationale 

I really enjoy bronze age in Valheim, but I hate fighting with wooden chests; they just don't cut it.  Instead of pushing swamp early to upgrade to reinforced chests, I figured I could make a new bronze age chest, and have a great time exploring and enjoying a new world.  

If you're looking for bigger options, or configurable looks, there are a bunch of other mod options out there.  This one's just to fill the tiny little gap in the vanilla gameplay. 🙂

## Installation

### Manual

  * Un-zip `BronzeAgeChest.dll` to your `/Valheim/BepInEx/plugins/` folder.

### Thunderstore (manual install)

  * Go to Settings > Import local mod > Select `BronzeAgeChest.zip`.
  * Click "OK/Import local mod" on the pop-up for information.

## Changelog

### 1.0.1
 * Localization revisions.  Plugin now writes default translation to disk, allowing users to modify/add languages.

### 1.0.0
 * Initial Version

## Known issues
You can find the github at: https://github.com/probablykory/valheim-mods
