BronzeAgeChest/README.md, before:

![Splash](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/probablykory/valheim-mods/main/BronzeAgeChest/splash.jpg)  

## Features

![Showcase](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/probablykory/valheim-mods/main/BronzeAgeChest/showcase.jpg)  

Adds a distinctive chest that fits into the world of Valheim.  Sized between Wood and Iron, at 3 rows, 5 columns.  The build recipe is configurable, but the default is 15x Wood, 1x Bronze, and 10x Bronze nails.

## Rationale 

I really enjoy bronze age in Valheim, but I hate fighting with wooden chests; they just don't cut it.  Instead of pushing swamp early to upgrade to reinforced chests, I figured I could make a new bronze age chest, and have a great time exploring and enjoying a new world.  

If you're looking for bigger options, or configurable looks, there are a bunch of other mod options out there.  This one's just to fill the tiny little gap in the vanilla gameplay. 🙂

## Installation

### Manual

  * Un-zip `BronzeAgeChest.dll` to your `/Valheim/BepInEx/plugins/` folder.

### Thunderstore (manual install)

  * Go to Settings > Import local mod > Select `BronzeAgeChest.zip`.
  * Click "OK/Import local mod" on the pop-up for information.

## Translations

This mod has full support for translations, but at the moment only has values for English.  If you wish to add a translation, please do the following:  
 1.  Copy the json file located at `$your_valheim_folder/BepInEx/plugins/BronzeAgeChest/Translations/English/localization*.json` into a new directory within `Translations`
 2.  Name that directory the same as the language you wish to translate (refer to this [list](https://valheim-modding.github.io/Jotunn/data/localization/language-list.html) of languages; the name must be exact).
 3.  Change the values for all the json keys to what they should be.
 
 Now when you run Valheim, it should see the translations automatically.  Lastly, consider sending me the json file (via [github](https://github.com/probablykory/valheim-mods) or discord).  I'd like to add as many translations as I can. 🙂

## Support me

I spend countless hours every day working on, updating, and fixing mods for everyone to enjoy.  While I will never ask for anyone to pay me to make a mod or add a feature, any [support](https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/probablyk) is greatly appreciated!

## Changelog

### 1.0.2
 * Minor tweak to the BronzeChest prefab

### 1.0.1
 * Localization revisions.  Plugin now writes default translation to disk, allowing users to modify/add languages.

### 1.0.0
 * Initial Version

## Known issues
You can find the github at: https://github.com/probablykory/valheim-mods

Commit message:

Added russian translations.  Adjustments to localization file handling.

BronzeAgeChest/README.md, after:

![Splash](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/probablykory/valheim-mods/main/BronzeAgeChest/splash.jpg)  

## Features

![Showcase](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/probablykory/valheim-mods/main/BronzeAgeChest/showcase.jpg)  

Adds a distinctive chest that fits into the world of Valheim.  Sized between Wood and Iron, at 3 rows, 5 columns.  The build recipe is configurable, but the default is 15x Wood, 1x Bronze, and 10x Bronze nails.

## Rationale 

I really enjoy bronze age in Valheim, but I hate fighting with wooden chests; they just don't cut it.  Instead of pushing swamp early to upgrade to reinforced chests, I figured I could make a new bronze age chest, and have a great time exploring and enjoying a new world.  

If you're looking for bigger options, or configurable looks, there are a bunch of other mod options out there.  This one's just to fill the tiny little gap in the vanilla gameplay. 🙂

## Installation

### Manual

  * Un-zip `BronzeAgeChest.dll` to your `/Valheim/BepInEx/plugins/` folder.

### Thunderstore (manual install)

  * Go to Settings > Import local mod > Select `BronzeAgeChest.zip`.
  * Click "OK/Import local mod" on the pop-up for information.

## Translations

This mod has full support for translations, but at the moment only has values for English & Russian.  If you wish to add a translation, please do the following:  
 1.  Copy the json file located at `$your_valheim_folder/BepInEx/plugins/BronzeAgeChest/Translations/English/english.json` into a new directory within `Translations`
 2.  Name that directory the same as the language you wish to translate (refer to this [list](https://valheim-modding.github.io/Jotunn/data/localization/language-list.html) of languages; the name must be exact).
 3.  Change the values for all the json keys to what they should be.
 
 Now when you run Valheim, it should see the translations automatically.  Lastly, consider sending me the json file (via an issue on [github](https://github.com/probablykory/valheim-mods) or on discord).  I'd like to add as many translations as I can. 🙂

## Support me

I spend countless hours every day working on, updating, and fixing mods for everyone to enjoy.  While I will never ask for anyone to pay me to make a mod or add a feature, any [support](https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/probablyk) is greatly appreciated!

## Changelog

### 1.0.3 (pending)
 * Adjustment to localization naming
 * Added Russian translation

### 1.0.2
 * Minor tweak to the BronzeChest prefab

### 1.0.1
 * Localization revisions.  Plugin now writes default translation to disk, allowing users to modify/add languages.

### 1.0.0
 * Initial Version

## Known issues
You can find the github at: https://github.com/probablykory/valheim-mods
