CraftedBossDrops/Package/README.md, before:

![Splash](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/probablykory/valheim-mods/main/CraftedBossDrops/splash.jpg)  
A Valheim mod which adds recipes to craft all boss drops, enabling progression without boss kills.

## Features

Configurable recipes for Hard Antler, Swamp Key, Wishbone, Dragon Tear, and Torn Spirit.  The default recipes require a large amount of the summon material plus something else from the respective biome.  Modor and Yagluth recipes are intentionally annoying.  🙂

## Rationale 

Sometimes I play Valheim without killing bosses, and it's a very relaxing way to enjoy the world without stressing out about raids or finding bosses, etc.  Although it's technically possible to play this way in vanilla, you will eventually hit a hard stop at Modor, because you need his drop to craft in Plains.  Ditto for Mistlands.  This mod provides a straight-forward way to craft every boss drop in the game, so you can play this way without abusing trolls or clipping through gates.

I was thinking about finding more thematic recipes than what's setup currently, things like crafting a key mould and stuffing that into the smelter which will pop out the swamp key.  But for now, these simpler recipes will work.

## Installation

### Manual

  * Un-zip `CraftedBossDrops.dll` to your `/Valheim/BepInEx/plugins/` folder.

### Thunderstore (manual install)

  * Go to Settings > Import local mod > Select `CraftedBossDrops.zip`.
  * Click "OK/Import local mod" on the pop-up for information.

## Changelog

### 1.0.0
 * Initial Version

## Known issues
You can find the github at: https://github.com/probablykory/valheim-mods

Commit message:

Bugfix to correctly load Haldor patch.

CraftedBossDrops/Package/README.md, after:

![Splash](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/probablykory/valheim-mods/main/CraftedBossDrops/splash.jpg)  
A Valheim mod which adds recipes to craft all boss drops, enabling progression without boss kills.

## Features

Configurable recipes for Hard Antler, Swamp Key, Wishbone, Dragon Tear, and Torn Spirit.  The default recipes require a large amount of the summon material plus something else from the respective biome.  Modor and Yagluth recipes are intentionally annoying.  🙂
Haldor the Trader will now recognize your progression as long as you 'know' the gated material.  Ex: Haldor will sell you Ymir Flesh and Thunderstone after you've crafted the Swamp Key.

## Rationale 

Sometimes I play Valheim without killing bosses, and it's a very relaxing way to enjoy the world without stressing out about raids or finding bosses, etc.  Although it's technically possible to play this way in vanilla, you will eventually hit a hard stop at Modor, because you need his drop to craft in Plains.  Ditto for Mistlands.  This mod provides a straight-forward way to craft every boss drop in the game, so you can play this way without abusing trolls or clipping through gates.

I was thinking about finding more thematic recipes than what's setup currently, things like crafting a key mould and stuffing that into the smelter which will pop out the swamp key.  But for now, these simpler recipes will work.

## Installation

### Manual

  * Un-zip `CraftedBossDrops.dll` to your `/Valheim/BepInEx/plugins/` folder.

### Thunderstore (manual install)

  * Go to Settings > Import local mod > Select `CraftedBossDrops.zip`.
  * Click "OK/Import local mod" on the pop-up for information.

## Changelog

### 1.0.1
 * Bugfix for patches to the trader

### 1.0.0
 * Initial Version

## Known issues
You can find the github at: https://github.com/probablykory/valheim-mods
